Lesson 1

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Shows only the differences in the two files so you can quickly check through them and cut
out the old stuff that you know works.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    with changes comes complications reverting to the old can return you to a working state

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    If it auto saves and overwrites pervious changes then that could mean that you lose old versions and save the new mistakes

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    so you have access to different versions of the same thing and can work on the permutation that suits you the best

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    not sure what git log does but git diff allows you to see what has changed if a problem occurs

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Beacause you know you have a back up

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    developing code

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

notice patterns in development and notice how things are interacting with each other in more controlled previous versions

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log accesses the history of commits in a repository and git diff helps to compare and quick;ly identify the changes made between each commit

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	Knowing you have an easily accessible back up means you can be confident and experimental with changes

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	
	keeping track of changes, uploaded code to github efficiently and also developing my code in a more confident and quicker way